## Pringles Dill Pickle

#### Date Reviewed: 21 January 2022

#### Characteristics: Thin, non-ruffled, dough-based 
 
#### Pros: Come in a sturdy Pringles tube for on-the-go pickle-chipping

#### Cons: Make you sad when you eat them. Unclear whether they're made from potatoes or recycled cardboard. Pickle flavor tastes artificial and has a sweet aftertaste.

#### Rating: 2/5 stars

#### Review:

> Some [chips] are born mediocre, some [chips] achieve mediocrity, and some [chips] have
> mediocrity thrust upon them. With [Pringles Dill Pickle chips] it had been all
> three. 
>
> -- Joseph Heller, Catch-22

Let's face it -- Pringles are objectively bad chips. They begin their lives as a
["slurry of rice, wheat, corn, and potato flakes" that are then "pressed into
shape"](https://gizmodo.com/the-shocking-true-story-of-how-pringles-are-made-30802015),
ultimately forging an unholy potato-adjacent snack-chimera damned to wander the
Earth for all eternity by a vengeful deity. Sure, we all enjoyed them as
children because their mindless uniformity and unrivaled position as the
"most-stackable" snack seemed whimsical and fun in an otherwise confusing,
disorderly, and complicated world we were searching for our place in. But as we
matured, we saw Pringles for what they really are &mdash; the snack version of
conformity, of 1984, of office cubical farms, of the Borg. Undergirding the
happy-go-lucky "once you pop, the fun don't stop" veneer is a cold, unfeeling
directive: obey.

The Dill Pickle Pringles variety applies a pickle-flavored dusting to a standard
Pringle base. It is initially sour, though not objectionably so. An
obviously-artificial dill flavor is present. The most unpleasant part of the
Pringles Dill Pickle flavor experience, however, is a saccharine aftertaste that
develops after the initial sourness fades. Why is it there? It's unclear, since
these chips are specifically marketed as *dill* pickle chips, rather than
bread-and-butter. Overall, these chips leave a lot to be desired, from the
underlying base chip to the pickle flavor palate. Only in the absence of other
chip options, including non-pickle-flavored selections, would eating these chips
be advised.

Is there some segment of the population that might enjoy them? Indeed,
there is: mathematical topologists. Pringles are [hyperbolic
paraboloids](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paraboloid#Hyperbolic_paraboloid),
and the only chip on Earth that has an easily-calculable and regular saddle
point.

## Lays Dill Pickle

#### Date Reviewed: 5 January 2022

#### Characteristics: Very thin, non-ruffled, medium-sized

#### Pros: They're pickle chips

#### Cons: Very salty, pickle flavor extremely sour, greasy

#### Rating: 2.5/5 stars

#### Review: 

Advertised as "tangy", "tart", and "crispy", this thin, classic
potato chip lives up to its billing. But the thin slice of the potato along
with its greasiness and saltiness detracts from the overall pickle chip
experience. This is the Honda Civic of of pickle chips &mdash; it'll get you
from point A to point B, but you won't look cool doing it.

Lays Dill Pickle chips use the same base potato chip as the classic yellow-bag
Lays. They're medium-sized chips that are cut extremely thinly, rendering them
prone to folding during the cooking process and breaking on their journey to
your mouth. These chips are non-ruffled and have a fairly smooth texture with no
noticeable skin present. As with classic Lays, the dill pickle variety is salty
to the point of being obnoxious &mdash; you're going to need a beverage to pair
with these crisps and you might feel your face start to tingle after eating a
few handfuls. Further, while the dill pickle flavor isn't necessarily bad, it's
extremely sour. After eating a generous-but-reasonable helping, the snacker may
feel their tongue start to feel raw and sensitive, diminishing the chips' appeal. 

In sum, the Lays Dill Pickle chips will get the job done if you're in a pickle,
but nothing more. Their saltiness and sourness are major cons, and the chip
itself is nothing to write home about. Snack on these chips only if you can't
find anything better.
